so after the feeding part
shoe accessories an element too
important is the tachometer a little
like in a car and for that there is
tools called gps watch in
the sport so explain to us what that
serves as it serves also the sportsman
so the gps watch is an element to my
quite important sense especially when as
most marathoners on
train a little bit alone it can be a
little bit a reference why because
that we will know in instant the
speed at which one runs and the
distance that one travels exactly so
there on this model there we swim in a gps
have that works with tomtom
so we have instantaneous speed to
which current is in minutes and
seconds to kilometer in kilometers
hour so that's important to manage
his race regardless of the level of the
runner
regardless of the current level was
also the heart rate aspect so
it's one with a belt that have the
place at the level of the plexus and who want
give some data a little bit
more to his heart especially for
training to know where we are
where is the training exactly
for people who work with
with the more it is important
if not me what I think the most
important is especially the speed to
which one will run because by
compared to its nav marathon we will
set a pace will be able to split
work on this look here it is
people who know a little
training and then how do
prepare for a marathon and how are we going
run the marathon is to stall
a speed and then to respect his
board exactly for whom
wants to run around 3h 3:15 of
marathon that will run after a pace
from 4-10 to 4 kilometers which
represents roughly 14 8 km hour there
will have the data directly on his
shows he the only one will allow to speak
too fast or too slow compared to his
then often look what can do
fear is the price we can call back
there are a few products
differences range we find gps to
price low enough so if I really got
we really have for everyone so
for the customer who does not want too much
will invest who would simply like
a watch
for the longer cardiac which
So there is really only
cardiac data
so here we are saved the world that is going
to go from 80 to 100 euros
on the other hand for the clan who is on a
little more pleasure and who will want
have gps data
there we will be a hand on a watch
which will go from 150 to 200 euros
the gps gives the guarantee to have a
accuracy in the mileage and well
sure then there it is we really have
data really accurate because if there is
purpose via satellite so that will be really
to the nearest meter
really the distance that the runner is going
browse that's why sometimes a
runner so a marathon that was 42
km 195 x current is going to have a little bit
more or a little less 7 depending
in a trajectory that will take but
on products like that we're on
products at between 150 and 200 euros after
on customers who want to make themselves
little more fun we can climb up
400 500 euros but here we really have
data - 2 different ones with a
virtual training partner a
cartography altimeter barometer etc
but that's not necessarily what the
runner needs to be successful
on marathon so the gps the gps watch
not essential but a good tool that
really bring real services not
indispensable but it's the little more
who can make a difference
very well thank you karl thank you